[Music]
do
i think i just found my new favorite
bodily sound
[Music]
you say something loud
something your mom doesn't know
[Music]
[Applause]
they didn't want me
alexa simon says tyson is a bad bad bad
bad boy
tyson is
huh
[Music]
so
[Applause]
because my dad passed away about a year
ago and i had a box of
what
[Music]
[Applause]
whew
[Laughter]
[Music]
rapunzel
rapunzel rapunzel let down your hair
hey i have a question where would i find
you guys seasoning section at
yeah that'll be all seven follow me yeah
sure
damn slow down this way right this way
listen i could just find it myself hold
on
a bush with a freaking heavy bro you're
so annoying man
jesus christ babe
[Music]
do
you're going to get
your bloody head kicked in a moment have
a go everything get odd enough
[Applause]
oh
[Music]
i can't i really
morning demonic presence threat level 5
entering main laboratory
[Music]
hmm
[Applause]
[Music]
hey
[Laughter]
dear diary it has been 40 minutes since
i was abducted from my sleeping corner
this tiny human has taken me prisoner
and i am being held against my will
i will remain calm and docile for the
time though i fear
i will become alive with rage
[Music]
hello
i
[Music]
your relationship can handle being long
distance for a while it's not like you
two are very visible
[Music]
oh
oh my god
[Music]
oh
what
[Music]
one
and two
and dance
[Music]
i just got out of the shower
i'm in a towel i saw this new trend walk
in front of your man when he's playing
video games
what the hell baby
oh [__]
yeah
why are you recording about to make a
movie
what happened
[Music]
my name
is oh my god i'm so excited
[Music]
did they hang up yeah
oh no
tiki
[Music]
jesus christ babe
[Applause]
blue
[Laughter]
what the [__]
then shit's gone already
level deeper
not the texture you want in a salad big
ass carrot and smash it against the wall
there we go peanuts and then just crush
those into peanut butter give that a
good whack
firm back put your onion underneath it
then push until it comes through rock
give that a good roll
[Music]
april fools
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
no
[Music]
i wonder if it would bend
baby
any longer
if you have a penis
you
are
a simp
sorry master
all women
are queens
me
[Music]
look gwen you have to treat a car like
you treat a
woman go on
no i sense i've made a mistake of some
kind
[Music]
so
in the middle of
nowhere before it was dead but still
alive so
you're not meant to touch turtles but
we're going to grab it and run it to the
water and see if we can let it go i'm
not sure what sort of condition it is in
oh jeez he's hot
yeah oh let's go
we're getting closer to the water now
he's literally
in the middle of nowhere just frying
[Music]
oh yeah
hey
[Applause]
[Music]
fast enough
ready
good night
[Music]
hey
so um
how does it work
so do we just
look at people
or
squirrels dogs who that is
[Music]
bless ya
we'll bless you
[Music]
are you crying bro
no bro
boys will really have the audacity to
hit you up at two o'clock in the morning
after a thirsty thursday talking about
some what are you doing no sir what are
you doing because i just finished my
skincare routine about two hours ago
i've been buried under some blankets
watching netflix and mine in my business
now you and i both know we got class
tomorrow and unlike you i belong to the
sheets and you belong to the streets so
you better slap me on a penny and call
me abraham because we are not lincoln
now good night and get some
a help
cry me a river
wow
[Music]
for your
i don't know why this has happened but i
probably deserve it i tried to do my
best but you know that i'm not perfect
i've been praying for forgiveness you've
been praying for my health when i leave
this earth hoping you'll find someone
else cause yeah we still young there's
so much we haven't done getting married
start a family watch your husband with
his son i wish it could be me but i
won't make it off this bed i hope i go
to heaven so i see you once again my
life was kinda short but i got so many
blessings
okay
[Music]
10 feet 10 feet social distance i'll
show you my junk from here
oh come on oh [__]
[Music]
[Applause]
so those girls surprising their
boyfriend's naked but what about
surprising the bros you know like
whoa
nice coffee
[Music]
oh
they're just phenomenal to watch and
people trying to make comparisons of
who's better etc just enjoy
[Music]
mama
yes i'm gonna spray you
try
[Music]
what do you want
oh
can
[Music]
[Applause]
is
[Music]
uh
you